                  THE THREE LITTLE PIGS

   Once upon a time . . . there were three little pigs, who left their mummy
and daddy to see the world.
   All summer long, they roamed through the woods and over the plains,playing
games and having fun. None were happier than the three little pigs, and they
easily made friends with everyone. Wherever they went, they were given a warm
welcome, but as summer drew to a close, they realized that folk were drifting
back to their usual jobs, and preparing for winter. Autumn came and it began
to rain. The three little pigs started to feel they needed a real home. Sadly
they knew that the fun was over now and they must set to work like the others,
or they'd be left in the cold and rain, with no roof over their heads. They
talked about what to do, but each decided for himself. The laziest little pig
said he'd build a straw hut.
   "It wlll only take a day,' he said. The others disagreed.
   "It's too fragile," they said disapprovingly, but he refused to listen. Not
quite so lazy, the second little pig went in search of planks of seasoned
wood.
   "Clunk! Clunk! Clunk!" It took him two days to nail them together. But the
third little pig did not like the wooden house.
   "That's not the way to build a house!" he said. "It takes time, patience
and hard work to buiid a house that is strong enough to stand up to wind,
rain, and snow, and most of all, protect us from the wolf!"
   The days went by, and the wisest little pig's house took shape, brick by
brick. From time to time, his brothers visited him, saying with a chuckle:
   "Why are you working so hard? Why don't you come and play?" But the
stubborn bricklayer pig just said "no".
   "I shall finish my house first. It must be solid and sturdy. And then I'll
come and play!" he said. "I shall not be foolish like you! For he who laughs
last, laughs longest!"
   It was the wisest little pig that found the tracks of a big wolf in the
neighbourhood.
   The little pigs rushed home in alarm. Along came the wolf, scowling
fiercely at the l